Hi Javi Well she's tired you
know her we've already mentioned her in some
video we've butted heads in some
other video tweets and things like that
But finally there's one thing you did
n't know and that is that I've been talking to
her for I don't know if two or three weeks No
little one yes about two weeks in the end
we talked privately we solved
things and it turns out that more or less at
the time when I was
also talking to that girl from Córdoba
that Ricky Eddie and delo wanted or
promised Lu that they had kept their promise it would have
been nothing other than being the
millionaire in exchange for her going to
Andorra Well I also started talking to
her and she was confirming some
information and adding more than she
had for those who don't know the context
I'm seeing this in a
YouTube extract It turns out that Ricky Eddie went
from having invented a
restraining order to suddenly not having one
because the ace they had up their sleeve is
that they were going to invite three girls and
suddenly when Dallas was there in
person he pulled these three girls out for whatever reason
he  I thought it was a
[ __ ] great idea singita let's start with
how you start talking to
Ricky if you like and tell me if you saw
something special there let's see I think I've
already told you start with Ricky
because he and his moderator wrote to me
on Instagram after watching the debate
with Dallas to do a live together I
mean basically he sees that you debate
with Dallas and he goes to look for you Yeah I mean the whole
reason why he talks to you and
contacts you to put you on his live is
because you've spoken with dasas Yeah and
um let's see I was a little
unhappy with Dallas because of how he had
done the video and the title and
so on and Ricky told me Hey we can
talk nicely I'm not going to do to you what
Dallas did to you like I'm not going to
insult you I'm not going to harass you which
is true no he didn't insult me ​​in
the live and he didn't send me anything in the
live and he said you can present the
points you want feel comfortable and
we made a call before the day
before and well he made me feel comfortable enough to
go talk  and that's why I went to
talk to him, I mean, he spent time
talking to you on a call. Yes, he
was on the phone with me for like half an hour.
Before, the day before the
live stream and what he was telling you, well, he
told me not to worry, that it wasn't going to
be about throwing hate at me, he asked me more or
less how the debate with Dallas went if
something had happened that they were going to be
moderating to calm me down and say it was
okay to do a live stream with him
but let's see if he's seen your opinion on your video
about him and Ricky
if he's willing to put you on his live stream
because he assumed that you're going to say
something that he's going to be interested in. No,
because if you're going to say the same thing you
said in the debate with Dallas, he wouldn't
put you on it, I guess. So that would be
cooking, no, when I was talking to you,
no. Yes, he wanted to know more or less what we
could talk about and what I
disagreed with Dallas about and what I didn't
like and so on, he asked you if you had a
contract or something like that. I don't think
so. Or maybe just as a joke, I don't
remember that call very well, okay. And
then you do the live stream with him and that's it.  you don't
talk to him again after we were
recording talking about magic
a little bit of everything okay at what point do
the other two girls come on stage after
doing the live with Ricky I spoke with
pollo if I'm not mistaken it was around that
time or before doing the debate But
when I had done the debate with nas
because I saw her video with riy at the
time and I wanted to ask her if she was
okay like She looked nervous and just
like I had done a debate with Dallas
and I had left a little unhappy I
wanted to know if it was something usual and I
don't know and well she started talking to me and between
chat and chat like we started asking for
trust but I mean you go look for
support no and you talk to her yes and what does she
tell you Apollo when you start
talking it's hard for her to tell me things she's like
very very reserved she speaks like very
in code like hidden but we
were talking on a call and she told me that she had
a contract with d would it seem to you what
the 30 year old youtuber is doing
with a person who just
turned 18 obviously taking advantage of the fact
that she's not going to read it  and that he's a
fan of her that he's going to trust what she
said and not what was written in the
contract Because for me the fault
is also that she hasn't read it for me it
is for me the fault is that she hasn't
read it now knowing that the youtuber
is maintaining this taking advantage of the fact that
the girl is a kid
taking advantage of the fact that she is a kid taking advantage of the fact that
he knows that she didn't
read it and that she was his fan okay and done
with what confidence well let's see I was
talking to a friend at the same time that I
was talking to pollo and basically he
told me don't trust him Let him know that he can
trust you and have everything that he can
say saved and you have it right yes and
I have seen it right yes okay you
are practically a person who
knows Nothing of the internet and when he
starts talking to you after a while he starts
saying that he has a contract with Dallas
he starts
like I mean he didn't tell me directly at first but like he starts to say someone is threatening me Someone can hurt me someone that type of things more or less the same indirect ones that sorta in in  his tweet no and
in his tiktok that was implying he was
leaving the ball bouncing let's say so
that people could kick it Yes I could have
easily scratched fame in my first
controversy and go after him by the neck and that's what you
did you made a video in a cape
you related even with d posting
the woman's point of view the
victim girl I was a minor the conversations
on tiktok with him Of course you did it Of
course you did it you tried to scratch F
of and in fact If you sound familiar to me it
was from that [ __ ] [ __ ] with what balls do you
dare to say now I could have done it you did it you
couldn't you did it you could have done it
and you did it What the hell are you
telling me now Okay and what details did he give you
about that contract that for each clause that he
broke he had to pay 50,000 eh
contact him so that he signs a
five-page confidentiality agreement in
which he asks that if they [ __ ] if they have
some type of employment relationship if
information is shared zipper or 50,000 pavito
every time a clause is breached and
in the event that that is true that  I do
n't know what the problem would be if they
took advantage of the little legal knowledge
that a girl who just turned 18 has
and are fairly sure that she won't
have the financial capacity to cover
a fine. In case she wants to say
something because she's not satisfied with her
relationship agreement that she could only speak
well of him and something sexual like they
had permission, something that gave
Dallas permission to have something sexual
with the girl, if I'm not mistaken, in other words, there
was a clause in which she gave
Dallas permission if she wanted to have
sexual things, whether she wanted it or not. If I'm not
mistaken, yes, neither
party can say anything. And now,
if they have something to reproach, that
contract does not prevent you from reporting if
something has been done to you, it does prevent it because
reporting it means telling a lawyer
what you have signed and a third party cannot
be a participant in that contract. It is
stated in the contract itself, it coincides
perfectly with the same clauses
that Ricky Eddy has had since he
started making videos and talking about
contracts in his live shows, no. Yes, in other words,
until the 50,000 bucks thing  in itself of
everything why does Ricky know according to pollo
Because Ricky is helping him carry out
the contract legally with his team, I
mean we could say that Ricky is
doing privately with pollo what he would
criticize me for doing with princessita
Yes when I make the video of the
main Channel of sending it to Princessita and if I
have to put the lawyer Look you
have pissed me off here confirms it
China of historical Javi has pissed me off I ca
n't report you because you
haven't said anything that is reportable I'm
going to file the complaint against Princessita I
princessita in the name I have to put
lawyer I'm going to put it take
he pays it and How is he helping him
according to what pollo has told me Ricky
is with a legal team trying to
find a loophole in the contract
to be able to report Dallas, meaning
Ricky is completely involved in
this case as if it were his own Yes but
really pollo has this, I'm sure that
Ricky is helping her with this thing or is it that
Ricky tells her and she believes it or in other
words he has put her in contact with a
lawyer or something like that Or only
Ricky promises her  She's never told me that, I
mean, I don't know, no, no, I don't
know for sure, it's something that she has to
add, being here tired, that everything she
's telling me is
completely true and that I've
verified it not only with screenshots of
Ricky but with screenshots and videos and
videos, not calls with a chicken, okay, I mean,
this girl is telling this, you were the one who
told me, I think, I don't know if it was
Paula, that she even showed me that
contract, she never showed me anything, okay,
so it was Paula, Paula told me something
like she had the contract printed,
a photocopy or something like that, and she
went and showed it, so it was
Paula to you, then she simply
explained the clauses and that she
wanted to leave and many horrible things about
people, many horrible things like
what Dallas did to her, no, and to other girls,
friends of hers, Oh, and to other girls. Which
girls, according to her, she has a friend with
whom Dallas forced her to have sex with
Lizzy and I think she also said that that
friend did it because she also had a
contract and according to her, well, that's okay, I mean,
exactly what she's saying
Ricky Eddie no then we
could practically affirm that everything
Ricky Eddie says It's because he tells you so chicken it
could be today cancita with everything
that you already know and now we're going to continue
telling what credibility do you give him support
none okay have you caught him in a
lie like that in a shameless way that it
sounds familiar to you he's telling me this but I know that you
know he's telling me something Blanca
but I'm seeing it and it's black yes
basically one day he called me and this there's
a friend who was in front just in case
one day I have to go out and expose it he
told me that you were like mediating a
situation with a friend of his because
Dalas wanted to get information from him and that
you were like extorting the girl
and that the girl was super young and there I
was like wait are you saying
that Javi is literally in short
words extorting a minor and he
told me yes and that was when I
questioned everything because I said look I may like him
more or less because of what he's said about
me but I don't think it's like that more than anything he's a
father I don't see him doing that and that
was when I questioned everything and well it was
talking to you  Let's see what
basically happened so that people understand
is that that was more or less when
the other girl from Córdoba
that Ricky Vale talks about came to me and that's where
the other one came to tell me that she wanted to bring
everything to the attention of Dallas. So
this girl who was talking nonsense
about Dallas and Licy, well,
obviously she was going to get a
complaint, surely with the things she was
doing. And then, well,
basically I tried to mediate so that
the situation would calm down and the girl
was asking me to mediate,
literally, I have the recommendations
that I mediate and that I send Dallas
all this information, all this
information is, I'm not going to put it here,
but it's a bunch of audio recordings of some of them
telling things about Ricky, which are the
screenshots that I put some of them yesterday, Ricky
literally and Delox promising her to be
the millionaire in exchange for her traveling to
Andorra to record a video with them in a
production style like
this guy's podcast would surely be and to
talk about Dallas, intimacies of Dallas,
but I told the girl, well, but
Dallas has done something, I have this
in screenshots  everything eh I mean this nobody is
going to deny it to me because I have it Dallas
has done something to you has committed a crime
against you has done something to you and his
response was no that it was simply
trying to make him look bad saying
intimate things about him or things about him
things like that basically that's what they
intended okay So this is the
context of the girl from Córdoba that I
was taking out there to Ricky I showed you
the screenshots and the
conversations because Ricky gave me
permission and when the girl from Córdoba
backs out I understand that you know
why no I don't know why Because that one is a
friend of pollo she is not a friend of yours that one you do
n't talk to her yes she is a friend of pollo I have
never spoken to her no v and that one from
Córdoba obviously talks to Ricky
for pollo I suppose that I don't know yes I mean
pollo is the one who runs everything she is the one who
is moving all the
aleos the one who is
messing things up Girl backs out with
the ticket already bought the ticket this one I
imagine would be a ticket to
Barcelona the ticket is not returned to her
so the girl has
200 that she has spent on a ticket  and she's
not going to go because she doesn't want to get a
complaint, practically, or rather, Ricky
What I was promising her was Well, the
same thing she's been saying here, can't you tell, that she
said with chicken, no, if they report you, we'll
help you, we'll solve it for you They were
practically going to
throw her to the lions, okay, so they can get away
with it and have any
[ __ ] against Dallas, okay, throw her to the
lions, the girl won't get on That train, she
can't return the money because Renfe won't
return the money and Ricky starts to
pressure her, like I was showing you
yesterday, the conversations, intimidating her with the fact that
if she didn't return her 200, he was going to
expose her in public, okay, he was going to expose her in
public in a live show for his pack
And that he was also going to contact Lizzy
so that Lizzy would report her, that he was going to
contact Lizzy and Dallas so
that she would report her I mean, Ricky What I
was saying to this girl when I
say girl, she is a 30-year-old person,
quietly, that's an expression that is
used around here to this girl Paula
to intimidate  one was telling him
if she didn't give him back the 200 bucks he was
going to expose her to his pack in his
live streams okay to dedicate a series of
videos to her and such and two that he was going to contact
his worst enemy, in other words Ricky was going to
contact his worst enemy to
send him all the information on this
girl so that Dallas and Lizzy could
report her Ricky the protector of the
victims okay bad that he made expos I
mean let's see if I understand one thing you
take a girl who knows Dallas from whatever no
girl comes to me and
enters me No I don't take anything Javi the thing
with property a girl talks to me enters me
because she has something with Dallas that she wants to
share like this the story begins with
property it was not me who looked for that
contact chicken it was the one who gave him my
discord the versions that claim that it
was me who went to talk are nothing more
than exaggerations another thing I would
like to clarify is that I did not ask
Ricky for money at first I was going to tell
my version in a live stream on his
Twitch channel but finally I refused due to my
personal situation later it was
Ricky who told me to go to Andorra and
pay me to try to help me get out
of my complicated situation in exchange for
talking about Dallas, even covering lawyers
and Dallas reports me at this point he
told me that it is not a revelation of secrets
because I am part of the story
regarding what Ricky mentions about Javi
is true about the subject of the girl from
Córdoba I think I did not leave anything else in the
end the girl what she had to do was
look for the 200 elsewhere and she has
the hole elsewhere to give the
200 bucks to Ricky [ __ ] because Ricky is a pain in the
ass the protector of the victims is a pain in the
ass what's going on with Ricky
cancita the moment that the other day
here I drop the exclusive and he knows that I
'm talking to you he spoke to me and
what he gave you was after chicken he spoke to
Ricky saying that he was talking
to you and that he was sending you audios
and he started like trying to get me away from you it
's that you are shooting yourself in the foot
because for him she is only crazy he is only going to
make content about you and he told me something
like how would you feel if I talk to
Javi badly about you or upload a video  which is the
same thing and there I started to panic a little bit, I
mean I was basically telling you
how would you feel if he did the
same thing to you that he was doing to Paula,
basically okay And with that I ask you, have I
pressured you to come to you
or any of you, have I pressured
someone to tell this or yourself,
no I mean, have I pressured you to come
here or have I tried to convince you to
come or anything like that, never or rather
you practically contacted me
we'll talk and I've told you well whenever you
want we'll talk and if not then nothing No
yes you told me that if I couldn't go out to
talk That nothing was wrong calmly
okay And in those conversations in which he
is telling you in which he is
trying to stop you from talking to me he
calls me the dog and all those things no
disgusting the dog don't you have a hand
to read it Yes because there were things like that
very unpleasant let's see he tells me
your personal moves I do
n't know but giving information to the
dog is shooting yourself in the
foot I appeal to what you do while my
life is left out but giving information to
these and companies one  [ __ ] that they're only
going to use against you, he
has you just as crazy as she is, you are
content and a source for
them, basically that If I tell you,
cancita, Imagine the girl, for example,
who posted about
Ricky Eddie's new infidelities the other day, a girl who
came out on Twitter who has a
tiktoker boyfriend and who started
fighting all morning with a bunch of people
defending that she had some
conversations where Ricky's girlfriend
was talking to her boyfriend in a loud tone,
if I tell you, well, look, cancita, I
found out that Ricky
contacted her, he tried to tell her that they
can report her or that you can put her
on a live show and also that he has to
mess with Dallas and Javi Because
Javi is a dog and Dallas is a bad
idea to talk to him not to talk to Dala and
not to talk to Javi, would it fit with,
for example, the same thing that Ricky has talked about
with you, I mean, it seems, yes, it
seems quite true, quite true, yes, you
tell me that Ricky has seen each other in person
or delox with one of the three,
including you, eh, chicken  she met with delox
in person well we saw that in a
photo why do they meet in person I mean
pollo goes there with the intention of
seeing him according to what she told me she had a
friend's birthday party and she met
someone in common with delox and delox was there
and cheers up and they had dinner together it could be
that this girl is trying to talk
to some kind of famous people no
yes probably pollo went to Córdoba to
meet with Paula or a friend like
she says I think she went to meet with a
follower but she did meet with Paula and
there the plan was brewing a bit okay has
Pollo told you any conversation he
had with delox in Andorra Yes he told me he
was Majo but that it was a little weird
because he made a comment like you
are a virgin and he told me that that had made her
uncomfortable she had felt weird these
people who are criticizing dasas and
exposing him for the conversations and
the contracts that he may have with pollo
precisely take her to dinner and make her
uncomfortable according to her she was uncomfortable
then I asked delox delox has
confirmed that comment yes he told me
that he did do it but that it has a
context has you  explained the context No
maybe here they wanted to help her and
needed to know things to understand
things and why do you think she
feels uncomfortable with that comment from
delox and yet she is protecting
delox and Ricky and she is throwing herself at
Dallas at first Paula sent me a
text much more with her words being
more angry And that I told her well that
would be better Modify the text a little
I told her look girl eh I told her a
plan that I did not want to speak badly of
Ricky And that I also would like the text to be
more polite calm when in reality she
is making up the thing about Dallas and the
comments that have been made to her They have made
her uncomfortable Honestly I think that it
is that she lied to me everything that she has
come to tell me both about you and about
alas like everyone else she had a
very I am Poor thing these people are bad to me so she
must have lied to me to
make me feel bad for her like
poor thing for how uncomfortable she is or
whatever but in reality to you in private
chicken she is telling you that they are very
bad they make her uncomfortable and  They make these kinds
of out of place comments to her, apart from
exposing her and using her, but in
reality, publicly, for whatever reason, she
is defending them,
giving them weapons, and she is attacking
Dallas and Javi. Is it that
she could be afraid of the others now and that it was
a projection that she is
afraid of Ricky, or if that's what you say or that
they have her more or less controlled, I do
n't think so. I think that everything comes from her, or
rather, but I understand that they may have
also spoken to her about this, her
position obviously, I don't know if it catches you
that they have also spoken to her
the same as you to not talk to, do
n't talk to Dallas, I don't think so, she has never
told me that, but because she has, from
the beginning, told a story about
Dallas. So I don't think they think that she is
going to talk to him. I think she was the
first person, long before
this came out in public, who told me about the
supposed audio, she told me that it was an audio
in which Licy is crying because
Dallas pushed her to the ground to check her
cell phone and, well, she is wrong for Dallas and
that audio exists because of that, I mean, are you
telling me that the first person
that mentions that audio is chicken Yeah okay
And they've always told you the same version
of the audio because
they told me another Cat I think it was I didn't
ask again so not only did they tell me what that
was it that it was because Dallas
had pushed her to the ground to take her
phone and liy ended up crying and that's why there's
an audio of lizy talking badly and so there's
a small detail when I was quote
unquote trying to help her she was
always complaining that Dallas
like made her publish videos and like
controlled what she said on the internet
but while I was with her she was
specifically telling me you can upload
this saying this you know I can't
upload this tweet saying I don't know what
because I can't upload it like she was
doing to me what she was complaining that daras
did to her I was trying to I didn't
understand How how Yes she was writing to me like you
can upload a tweet saying
this this and this because I can't and you
know or if you're going to make a video you can
mention x in the video that I can't
say it because otherwise someone will
hurt me and things like that I think I
also sent you those screenshots from  already saying
someone had one had a good
movie set up not to how to give
importance practically in what I
think Here yes and and well she was always
trying to get me to say something about
her like no This is like this This is the
other thing and she complained that Dallas
did that to her and she did Thank you Cool what a
family This is what I know a
couple of weeks ago or rather all the [ __ ] garbage
and all the [ __ ] that Ricky invents
is practically the chicken this in which he
has messed everything up or rather but everything
absolutely everything that they have been I don't know
if two or three months fighting is because
he in his pique with Dallas or in his pulse
that he wants to get Dallas to see if
he is The winner well he has been scratching to
see who he can catch and he has taken
the only one that has given him something or that he has
seen that Ricky can give him if you
realize he has been looking he has been looking
when when cancita went to his channel he
contacted her cancita he fooled her and all
that roll he had her under control and
then as a result of such chicken that chicken you
know that since
the moment she went up with Ricky she started to insinuate about the contract there is something very curious and very pathetic on the part of pollo that really catches my attention where she is inventing the movie of Fantasia there is a moment when pollo
is debating with Ricky and Ricky
asks her if she has a signed contract and
instead of saying no flatly
that she also discussed this with
Cynthia on Twitter Cynthia told her
very clearly and she agreed with Cynthia it's that I did
n't know how to answer because I was
nervous I don't know how much I don't know if she's out
there or if she's already deleted it she goes
and says to Ricky I'm not going to talk about
anything that involves third parties Let's see I
can't talk about things that involve
third parties or anything yes of course I can
Of course I can no I can't that doesn't
occur to her
she downloads that in her mind from my first
debate with Dallas in 2018 when
I ask Dallas about unre Boom I just
told you no  I'm going to talk about that
about everything else whatever you want now
about things that include things that we
agreed with third parties that we're not going to
talk about, I'm not going to do it It doesn't matter
who it is just like you, you're not going to
stream on Twitch because you have a
contract with yun the same okay okay it
seems to me and I would like nothing more than to
tell you I would like nothing more than to
talk about it because it seems absurd to me
okay so much fuss with that nonsense
but I'm not going to do it so Ask me
something else she says I'm not going to answer you
about things that involve third parties that I do
n't want to talk about or that I can't
talk about like that Let's see, I can't talk
about things that involve third parties or
anything yes of course you can Of
course you can, I can't repeat the phrase that Dallas tells me in the debate just like she is why well to isolate her fantasy and everything comes from this girl, I mean everyone She's messing it up eh Because the one from Córdoba wasn't even going to get into anything or was not going to get into anything The whole
mess, the mess this potato got more into
the role than she should have  got involved
Yes of course now no she can't back down but
nevertheless look at you she has
published today some conversations of her
friend from Córdoba in which the friend
is putting Ricky green because she
denies Ricky with everything that Ricky
lied to me Yesterday here about her the thing that
Ricky is lying in everything
that she has said about her and her story
that she has manipulated all the information or
has exaggerated it and that it is full of
lies repeat that we are going to
read them little by little it is that this is not the
beginning loser This is not the
beginning if I tell her that because that is what
she asked me what she wanted to get out by
telling her testimony of what
had happened to her with Dala was that leaving
her house because of a toxic situation improve
mobility with her partner because she
couldn't live well I'm not going to
tell her private life man [ __ ] how far you
have fallen you were going to be
literally rich for her to go talk
DEA A lot of money okay for her to go
tell her story This was a What is the name of
a request of hers she wanted to
do this Hello I'm Paula the girl  From
Cordoba I would like to clarify things about
what is being said in relation to me
since many lies have been spread it
is not my intention to become a
public figure due to my
personal situation and in fact I did not want
my case to be talked about it, it affects me a lot how
certain people are manipulating the
information so I have
decided to speak and that you support me give me a
voice to begin with I want to make it
clear that I was not the one who contacted
Ricky it all started when I spoke in
confidence with pollo Because we are friends
about what happened with Dallas and she
decided to share it with Ricky because they
talk to each other, he showed interest in talking
to me and although I did not refuse to talk
and above all the strongest not So
Ricky intimidated her into
returning the 200 bucks by exposing her to
his shitty public okay And also
contact Dallas, I mean, trust you, the
guy who is most obsessed with Dallas
right now contact Dallas to
betray this girl and pass everything to
Dallas so that Dallas denounces her, trust
you like the
threatening one I mean let's see if I understand one
thing you take a  aunt who knows
Dallas about whatever no aunt comes to me
enters me No I don't take anything Javi the thing
with property an aunt talks to me enters me
because she has something with Dallas that she wants to
share begins like this the story with
property it was not me who sought that
contact support it was the one who gave him my
discord the versions that affirm that it was
me who went to talk are nothing more than
exaggerations another thing that I would like to
clarify is that I did not ask Ricky for money
at first I was going to tell my version in
a live on his Twitch channel but
finally I refused because of my
personal situation later it was Ricky who
told me to go to Andorra and pay me to
try to help me get out of my
complicated situation in exchange for talking
about Dallas even covering lawyers if
Dallas denounces me at this point he
told me that it is not a revelation of secrets
because I am part of the story
regarding what Ricky mentions about Javi it
is true and all this happened after the debate
yes it hurt him everything I did to him
in the debate yes it hurt him No it is not
during it is during he in the debate he already lets
go of things man Of course in the debate
with Dallas he already lets go in  the debate with dala
already lets out things about the girl from
Córdoba and about pollo, I mean everything that he
with me when he debates with me on camera,
Ricky. The thing about the 50,000
turkey clause, the thing about an 18 year old girl with a
30 year old, does it seem ethical to you? I don't know this, it's all what
this chick told him and the guy does
n't even contrast it or suck her off, it's worth it to me,
contr, I had forgotten to add a
small detail when pollo told me
that he signed a contract with Dallas, he told me that
at first I think I also
told you that Javi, it was a
confidential labor contract, that he wanted to
help her make videos and so on, and that's why he
made her sign the contract, which she
found strange but she signed. Likewise,
because she trusted him and things like that, that's what
Ricky repeats all the time, that he
signed it because he trusted him and he was
her idol, come on please, poor little
creature, giving an account of the whole story is
what Ricky has been telling, the truth is
that at this point, at this point that we
are now, whoever believes that clown is
crazy, I mean, I  I
trusted Ricky a lot because that's what I
said. I spoke to Ricky on good terms
and we were great, like we talked
like two normal people, this doesn't
change the fact that I feel bad
about the way he treated me. But
now I basically have the same opinion
about Ricky because he did practically the
same thing to me, I mean, talking to me like an [ __ ]
after squeezing out content, a double
face, talking to me like bad and I don't know. I mean, I don't think it's
nice either. I might
be a little innocent, but I have a hard time understanding,
and I'm not innocent at all,
but I have a hard time understanding that
people don't have limits. What do you know?
You can say, look. I'm going to
say this, I'm going to throw this little [ __ ] to
annoy a little bit, but not having
limits, talking about an audio, talking about how
d beat up liis, those
are things that are terrible, my God, you have to
have one. I'm younger than
Rick, you don't think stupid things to
say them. The last thing I would
bring into an enemy would be his family,
getting into personal matters, I wouldn't get
into that, I mean, it's a fight between him and me, they
're telling me what a chicken he told him.  that
supposedly Dallas was jealous
because she was with Ricky says that
according to Dallas he forced her to send him
pictures of herself in low clothes Yes she told me
that Dallas got jealous of her and
that he got mad at her like
no no don't talk to Ricky such I don't know what and
that yes obviously She told me that she
sent intimate pictures to Dallas tremendous
eh she has a science fiction movie
cute little
head tremendous tremendous you may
dislike Dallas but just because you dislike Dallas
doesn't mean that you automatically
start supporting all the showoffs
that come out To support Ricky and
attract Ricky You have no choice but to be
just like him there's no other option or rather a
guy who has made a [ __ ] fool of himself five times
eh Not one that you're better off with that
you get more distracted than the volume no no no
five times I have the floor of the
house clean clean clean from walking
Ricky Around here you know about the first
call, there was no talk of the first one I
had with him which was last year that one, there was no
talk of the one I made after the
first one  this year which was on camera of
that the content of my debate with him was not
discussed and what was basically discussed was what
my lawyer told me later when he
went up and there they lied to him they manipulated him they
invented that I cut the live
drastically blah blah blah of the
debate that I had in space
when I was in Granada I think it was
from there practically they didn't talk either
No they didn't get anything out of that one no and
now from the Dallas debate with him what they
mentioned was that he was small
in a photo frame and that and that it was unprepared
anyway guys I think that over
here everything has been made clear on my part
I'll leave you here Chatting to you
I'm going okay tired a kiss gorgeous Thank you
very much okay a
kiss applause applause Javi Jai don't
give up keep taming Ricky Don't
give up sing it your
behavior honors you sing it Thank you very much
things as they are mass one
has to stop and say Look this is not
correct and I do not lend myself to
vagrancy in life just like that clear
I It's that I think I've made it clear in
the last  space I have been giving signals
that as much as I have that
personal negative experience with Dallas
that I have, that Dallas insulted me in
private and that I do not like, I am not going
to allow something as
serious as that to be said because one thing is that it
hurts me that he spoke badly to me and that I
have a bad relationship with him and the other is that I am
happy that they are defaming and
saying that his girlfriend is a cheat, that he [ __ ]
girls, that he forces girls to do
things, it does not seem ethical to me. And if it has to be
said, it has to be said.